[MI-3783]: Added the test cases for the plugin configuration on MS Te… (#17)
Brightscout/mattermost-test-management: data/test-cases/plugins/ms-teams-sync/plugin-configurations/Sync_users.md

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Syncing users on MM"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: plugin-configurations
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. When the time is set in `Sync user` option in the plugin configurations and check users in System console on MM.

**Step 2**

> 1. After step 1, check for the existing user on MM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After step 1, check for users who already existed on MM.
```

---
# (Required) Ensure all values are filled up
name: "Syncing users on MM"
status: Active
priority: Normal
folder: plugin-configurations
authors: "@arush-vashishtha"
team_ownership: []
priority_p1_to_p4: P2 - Core Functions (Do core functions work?)

# (Optional)
location: null
component: null
tags: []
labels: []
tested_by_contributor: null

# (Optional) Test type and tools
cypress: null
detox: null
mmctl: null
playwright: null
rainforest: []
manual_test_environments: []

# Do not change
id: null
key: null
created_on: null
last_updated: null
case_hashed: null
steps_hashed: null
---

**Step 1**

1. Set the time in `Sync user` option in the plugin settings in MM
2. Navigate to users in system console on MM.

**Step 2**

> 1. After step 1, check for users who already existed on MM.

Reviewer 2: do we really need step 2?

Author: yes to check no existing user is also created as a remote user.
